Ensure UDFs are available for generated col validations as part of node upgrade (#17492)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/5.10.2.rst

- Fixed a performance regression introduced in :ref:`version_5.10.0` that
  caused ``CREATE SNAPSHOT`` to use more memory. That could cause the
  statement to fail with ``OutOfMemoryError`` under memory pressure.

> - Fixed an issue that prevented nodes from starting when upgrading from <= 5.7

Reviewer: Actually - maybe my suggested change was wrong - can this also happen if going from 5.9 to 5.10 or 5.8 to 5.9, or does it only happen for tables created <= 5.7?

Author: How about `upgrading to >= 5.8`?

Reviewer: sounds good

Reviewer 2: Yes. 5.9 to 5.10 was how we first saw it. (will share slack link for reference.)

Reviewer 2: Ah, all good. My browser had not updated with the newer comments.

- Fixed a performance regression introduced in :ref:`version_5.10.0` that
  caused ``CREATE SNAPSHOT`` to use more memory. That could cause the
  statement to fail with ``OutOfMemoryError`` under memory pressure.

> - Fixed an issue that caused a node upgrade to fail and prevented the node
>   start up when there was a :ref:`generated column <ddl-generated-columns>`
>   with expression involving a
>   :ref:`user defined function <user-defined-functions>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that prevented nodes from starting when upgrading from <= 5.7
  with tables containing a :ref:`generated column <ddl-generated-columns>`
  using a :ref:`user defined function <user-defined-functions>.
```
